[DOC-13661] Update RBAC for SQL++ (Capella) (#482)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/alterindex.adoc

//tag::prerequisites[]
== Prerequisites

To execute the `{doctitle}` statement, your client must have the `Write` privilege on the keyspace.

> For more information about access privileges, see xref:clusters:manage-database-users.adoc[].

Reviewer: Something like

```suggestion
To execute the `{doctitle}` statement, your client must have one of the following privileges:

 * If you are using simple cluster access credentials, your client must have the xref:clusters:manage-database-users.adoc[`Write`] privilege on the keyspace.

* If you are using advanced cluster access credentials, your client must have the xref:clusters:manage-database-users.adoc[`Query Index`] privilege on the keyspace.
```

Need to check the terminology for "simple" and "advanced" cluster access credentials. Also need to check the xref for advanced cluster access privileges (RBAC roles).

> [!NOTE]
> There's no equivalent to the Administrator role in Capella. I chose Query Index for this specific command because it seems the most likely &mdash; same as CREATE INDEX. Need to check.
